On the tip of the glowing blade, a drop of blood sizzles and burns. The blue and black clouds swirl in an ominous spiral. The wind from the heavens blows the dust beneath his feet, as Vergil raises his sword towards his nemesis. She expresses an amused grin, as blood trickles down her visage. 

Vergil suddenly opens his eyes. The blur in his vision clears slowly as he looks around his room, now flooded in broad sunlight. He looks at the clock on his bedside table. "Hell nah, I'm late", says he, as a shiny mass of darkness jumps up onto his lap. He pets her on her head as she purrs gently. "Alright Ichiyoru, I'm getting late for school. We can cuddle when I get back." He picks her up and carries her to the dining room, where he has kept a bowl specifically for her beside the somewhat small dining table. Of course, he lives alone, and hence has no need for a large dining table. On the bright side, it does save a lot of space in his average sized dining room. He opens his kitchen cabinet and blindly fishes for the carton of cat food. His hands finally find it, and he pours the entirety of its contents into Ichiyoru's bowl. "Is that enough? I think it is. I'll have to buy more of that on my way back", says he to Ichiyoru, or maybe to himself. Maybe to no one in particular. He travels to the bathroom and brushes his teeth. Then he makes his way to the kitchen and makes a light and frugal breakfast of scrambled eggs. Despite being late, he does not hurry. He may compromise the standard of his food, but he makes sure not to hurry. He never does hurry. It makes him feel sick.

He goes to his study to pack his bag for the day. He packs his books and his water bottle that he carried with him from the kitchen. He switches off his phone and drops it into the bag as well, along with his bluetooth headphones. Finally, he finds himself reaching for the one object that he never forgets to take with him at all times - his Dadi's phone. It is an old Oppo phone which is as good as dead at this point, as it would not switch on no matter what he tried. Yet, he had always felt some sort of internal compulsion to carry it with him wherever he went for some mysterious reason. Before he forgets, he grabs his grey coloured Allen branded hoodie and stuffs it into his bag. It's December after all. He gives Ichiyoru one last pet as she greedily buries her head into her bowl, and leaves for school. As soon as he steps out, the chilly December air hits his face. "Damn, winter's here for real".

As he starts walking down the all too familiar street, he notices that the sun is shrouded in grey clouds. "Strange, I could swear the sky was clear just a while ago", he thinks to himself. After a few minutes of walking accompanied only by the whispering howls of the cold wind, the school comes into sight. It has been a week since he last saw the school as he was bedridden with a terrible fever - a seasonal viral fever maybe, he surmised. As he walks through the gate, a strange feeling envelops his being. He has always had a sort of ability to sense the 'vibe' of his surroundings. This is has helped him avoid danger many times. "Something's wrong", he thinks to himself, but decides to shrug it off. He silently walks to the door of his classroom. As he enters, he notices the familiar faces he sees almost every day, all chattering and bickering along; a sight he had grown so used to seeing that he almost didn't notice a strange discrepancy. 

Namami was a girl who was no taller than about 5 feet. She was in the same class as Vergil, and yet looked and sounded a bit too young for her age. Her skin was very fair. She was quite introverted and did not talk to anybody most of the time, preferring the company of her phone over people. She had been in the same school as Vergil for many years and saw him as a good friend, though not preferring to converse with him any more than she did with others; not that other people knew her all that well to begin with. She would often sit in the corner of the class, scrolling away on her phone, paying heed to nobody else. Seeing her conversing with someone else was nothing short of a miracle.

And yet, Vergil was seeing that miracle happen right in front of his eyes. She was sitting in a bench in the middle of the row, talking to a boy sitting on the bench right in front of hers. She was not only talking, but smiling, giggling even. Vergil found this very intriguing. "There's no way she changed that much in a week", he thought. The boy she was talking to was Allahrakha, a skinny dark-skinned boy who had recently transferred into the school. From the first day, he had been quite popular. He was an extrovert, a charmer with a wicked sense of humour. Everyone loved his company, with the exception of Namami of course, who never really enjoyed anyone's company. However, Vergil was never particularly charmed by him. There was always something about him that threw Vergil off. He didn't like his vibes.

Allharakha suddenly stopped talking and turned to look at him. For a second, the look in his eyes sent chills down Vergil's spine. Then all of a sudden, his expression changes to a smirk, and then a smile. He turns to face Namami again. "Well, we'll meet after school then", he says. "Okay!", Namami chirps, and she gets up to go back to her usual place. Vergil didn't like any of it. From the strange look that Allaharkha gave him, to the strange uncharacteristic way Namami was behaving, he found all of it very unsettling for some reason. "Something's definitely wrong". However, he decides that he is probably just overthinking, and instead tries to shift his focus elsewhere.

The rest of the day goes by as usual, and so does the rest of the week. Everything else remains relatively unchanged, which is somewhat relieving for him. These last two weeks have been very strange. It is difficult to put into words, but ever since he has had that terrible fever, it is as if he never escaped his fever dreams; as if he has been living inside a fever dream since then. He catches 'bad vibes' much more often, and often feels anxious for no apparent reason. Above all else, he has been having strange dreams. Dreams that feel so real, so vivid that he finds it difficult to distinguish between dream and reality. However, when he wakes up, he remembers next to nothing about what he saw. The only thing he remembers, the one thing that shows up in nearly every dream he has, is snow. Specifically, a snow-covered valley, with a terrible blizzard which almost blinds him, disabling him from seeing much of anything around him. All he feels and hears is the relentlessness of the unstoppable frozen wind blowing past him, forcing him back as he struggles to maintain a foothold. It's always cold, too cold to bear. He raises his hands in front of his face to block the wind, hoping to see even a slight hint of anything in front of him, but it is to no avail. All he ever sees is a blinding white haze. It is intolerable. Every time, no matter how much he tries, he ends up losing his foothold. He falls, but instead of hitting the ground, he continues falling for what seems like forever. And then he wakes up.

Vergil did not go to school today, for the Winter Vacation had begun. "Damn, it gets dark real quick these days", he thinks to himself as he sits in his balcony, watching the last rays of sunlight disappear behind the horizon. He gently brushes his hand over Ichiyoru's back as she sleeps soundly in his lap. In this season, one typically wouldn't sit in their balcony, much less at this hour. However, Vergil has always loved the cold. He has always felt comfortable when it is cold outside, and couldn't tolerate summer no matter what anyone said. Suddenly, he hears a notification sound from his phone. He picks his phone up and notices that he has been added to a group chat - "Winter Trip". "The hell is this?" he thinks to himself. Curious, he takes a look at the members of the group.
