On the tip of the glowing blade, a drop of blood sizzles and burns. The blue and black clouds swirl in an ominous spiral. The wind from the heavens blows the dust beneath his feet, as Vergil raises his sword towards his nemesis. She expresses an amused grin, as blood trickles down her visage. 

Vergil suddenly opens his eyes. The blur in his vision clears slowly as he looks around his room, now flooded in broad sunlight. He looks at the clock on his bedside table. "Hell nah, I'm late", says he, as a shiny mass of darkness jumps up onto his lap. He pets her on her head as she purrs gently. "Alright Ichiyoru, I'm getting late for school. We can cuddle when I get back." He picks her up and carries her to the dining room, where he has kept a bowl specifically for her beside the somewhat small dining table. Of course, he lives alone, and hence has no need for a large dining table. On the bright side, it does save a lot of space in his average sized dining room. He opens his kitchen cabinet and blindly fishes for the carton of cat food. His hands finally find it, and he pours the entirety of its contents into Ichiyoru's bowl. "Is that enough? I think it is. I'll have to buy more of that on my way back", says he to Ichiyoru, or maybe to himself. Maybe to no one in particular. He travels to the bathroom and brushes his teeth. Then he makes his way to the kitchen and makes a light and frugal breakfast of scrambled eggs. Despite being late, he does not hurry. He may compromise the standard of his food, but he makes sure not to hurry. He never does hurry. It makes him feel sick.

He goes to his study to pack his bag for the day. He packs his books and his water bottle that he carried with him from the kitchen. He switches off his phone and drops it into the bag as well, along with his bluetooth headphones. Finally, he finds himself reaching for the one object that he never forgets to take with him at all times - his Dadi's phone. It is an old Oppo phone which is as good as dead at this point, as it would not switch on no matter what he tried. Yet, he had always felt some sort of internal compulsion to carry it with him wherever he went for some mysterious reason. Before he forgets, he grabs his grey coloured Allen branded hoodie and stuffs it into his bag. It's December after all.

He gives Ichiyoru one last pet as she greedily buries her head into her bowl, and leaves for school. As soon as he steps out, the chilly December air hits his face. 
